docs: updated inrenal structure part (#4047)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/vm/README.md

## Internal Structure

The VM processes state changes at several levels:

> - **`runBlock` (within `packages/vm/src/runBlock.ts`)**: Processes a single block.

Reviewer: These can be hyperlinks instead. E.g.:
```
## Wallet API

For information about the Wallet's API, please go to [./docs/classes/wallet.md](./docs/classes/wallet.md).
```
Same for `runTx` and `runCall`.

  - Performs initial setup: Validates hardfork compatibility, sets the state root (if provided), applies DAO fork logic if necessary.
  - Manages state checkpoints before and after processing.
  - Iterates through transactions within the block:
    - For each transaction, calls `runTx`.
  - Processes withdrawals (post-Shanghai/EIP-4895).
  - Calculates and assigns block rewards to the miner (and uncles, pre-Merge).
  - Finalizes the block state (state root, receipts root, logs bloom).
  - Commits or reverts state changes based on success.
- **`runTx` (within `packages/vm/src/runTx.ts`)**: Processes a single transaction.
  - Performs pre-execution checks: Sender balance sufficient for gas+value, sender nonce validity, transaction gas limit against block gas limit, EIP activations (e.g., 2930 Access Lists, 1559 Fee Market, 4844 Blobs).
  - Warms up state access based on Access Lists (EIP-2929/2930).
  - Pays intrinsic gas cost.
  - Executes the transaction code using `vm.evm.runCall` (or specific logic for contract creation).
  - Calculates gas used and refunds remaining gas.

>   - Transfers gas fees to the beneficiary (miner pre-Merge, burn post-Merge/EIP-1559).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Transfers gas fees to the fee recipient (recipient receives all pre EIP-1559, base fee is burned post EIP-1559).
```

  - Generates a transaction receipt.
  - Manages state checkpoints and commits/reverts changes for the transaction.

> - **[`vm.evm.runCall`](../../evm/src/evm.ts)** (within `@ethereumjs/evm`): Executes the EVM code for a transaction (message call or contract creation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[`vm.evm.runCall`](../evm/src/evm.ts)** (within `@ethereumjs/evm`): Executes the EVM code for a transaction (message call or contract creation).
```
